Clarify overburn policy (#1122)
argonne-lcf/user-guides: docs/policies/queue-scheduling/index.md

## INCITE/ALCC Overburn Policy

> If an INCITE or ALCC project has exhausted its allocation in the first 11 months of its allocation year, it is eligible for overburn running. At this point, capability jobs (20% of the machine) submitted by INCITE and ALCC projects will run in the regular `prod` execution queues, instead of backfill queues, for the first 11 months of the allocation year until 125% of the project allocation has been consumed. Non-capability jobs will get routed to backfill queues, which have low priority for active projects with negative balance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an INCITE or ALCC project has exhausted its allocation, it can still run jobs for the rest of the allocation year, but the jobs are often low priority.
- The project can still run in the non-`prod` queues, such as `debug`.
- For the first 11 months of its allocation year, it is eligible for overburn running. This means that capability jobs (20% of the machine) submitted to the `prod` queue will be routed to the regular queues until 125% of the project allocation has been consumed. 
- Otherwise, the `prod` queue routes the jobs to `backfill` queues, which have low priority. They are for active projects with a negative balance.
```
